how to add a community supported ACCESS-OM3 configuration documentation (#574)
ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs: documentation/docs/pages/contributing/index.md

We also have an active and vibrant user community: [the COSIMA working group](https://cosima.org.au/). They have meetings on Thursday at 11:30am. Announced [here](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/t/cosima-working-group-announce/238/156). More information about getting involved is [here](https://cosima.org.au/index.php/get-involved/).

We also manage most of our development openly on GitHub, we track OM3 work on a [GitHub project board here](https://github.com/orgs/ACCESS-NRI/projects/24). If you'd like to have your issue considered for OM3 development, please [open an issue and add it to the project board using this template](https://github.com/access-nri/access-om3-configs/issues/new?template=osit-issue-template-for-om3-work---project-board.md).

### Report a bug or make a suggestion

Technical issues related to OM3 are best posted to [github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/issues](https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/issues). If you would like to discuss the issue first, feel free to post it on the [ACCESS-HIVE forum](https://forum.access-hive.org.au/c/cosima/29).

### ACCESS-OM3 configuration documentation

> We appreciate contributions, typo fixes and bugs in this documentation, to make suggestions please see TODO.

Author: ```suggestion
We appreciate contributions, typo fixes and bugs in this documentation, to make suggestions please see [Edit Config Docs](Contributing/Edit-Config-Docs/) page.
```

### How to add a community supported ACCESS-OM3 configuration documentation

> We provide protocol and guidance on how apply to have your regional configuration supported by ACCESS-NRI. More details to be added soon (@helenmacdonald ; https://github.com/ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs/pull/574). TODO

Author: ```suggestion
We provide protocol and guidance on how to have your regional configuration supported by ACCESS-NRI. For further details see the [Add Supported Config](Contributing/Add-Supported-Config/) page.
```
